1_O'STIN	1_oodji	1_Zolla	1_Modis	1_Befree	1_TVOE	1_GUESS	2_Wildberries	2_OSTIN_OOO	2_oodji	2_Zolla	2_MELON_FASHION_GROUP	2_MODIS	2_OOO_Sportmaster	4_Bezhevyy	4_Belyy	4_Goluboy	4_Zheltyy	4_Zelenyy	4_Korichnevyy	4_Krasnyy	4_Oranzhevyy	4_Rozovyy	4_Seryy	4_Siniy	4_Fioletovyy	4_Chernyy	5_40	5_41	5_42	5_43	5_44	5_45	5_46	5_47	5_48	5_49	5_50	5_51	5_52	5_53	5_54	5_55	5_56	5_57	5_58	5_59	5_60	6_akril	6_bayka	6_bambuk	6_vel0vet	6_viskoza	6_laykra	6_len	6_liotsell	6_neylon	6_poliamid	6_poliuretan	6_poliester	6_poliefir	6_spandeks	6_tekstil0	6_flanel0	6_flis	6_khlopok	6_sherst0	6_shtapel0	6_elastan	7_bez_karmanov	7_v_shve	7_kenguru	7_nakladnye	7_potaynye	7_proreznye	7_s_klapanom	8_bol0shie_razmery	8_vechernyaya_moda	8_vypusknoy	8_dlya_kreshcheniya	8_domashnyaya_odezhda	8_na_vypisku	8_novyy_god	8_ofis	8_plyazh	8_povsednevnaya	8_svad0ba	8_sport	8_shkola	9_bez_zastezhki	9_zavyazki	9_knopki	9_lipuchka	9_molniya	9_pugovitsy	9_shnurovka	10_gladit0_na_nizkoy_temperature	10_gladit0_pri_t_ne_bolee_100oC	10_gladit0_pri_t_ne_bolee_110oC	10_gladit0_pri_t_ne_bolee_130oC	10_gladit0_pri_t_ne_bolee_150oC	10_gladit0_pri_t_ne_bolee_90oC	10_gladit0_pri_t_utyuga_do_200oC	10_gladit0_s_iznanki	10_delikatnaya_stirka	10_delikatnaya_khimicheskaya_chistka	10_delikatnyy_otzhim	10_dopuskaetsya_otparivanie	10_otbelivanie_zapreshcheno	10_otzhim_zapreshchen	10_ruchnaya_stirka	10_stirat0_iznankoy_naruzhu	10_stirka_pri_t_ne_bolee_30oC	10_stirka_pri_t_ne_bolee_40oC	10_stirka_pri_t_ne_bolee_50oC	10_stirka_pri_t_ne_bolee_60S	10_sukhaya_chistka	10_sushka_v_vertikal0nom_polozhenii	10_sushka_v_gorizontal0nom_polozhenii	10_sushka_v_sushil0noy_mashine	10_khimicheskaya_chistka	10_khimicheskaya_chistka_zapreshchena	1_Srok_dostavki	4_Skidka
active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	do 3 dney	Lyubaya
inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	Lyuboy	ot 10% i vyshe
inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	Lyuboy	Lyubaya
active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	do 5 dney	Lyubaya
active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	do 3 dney	ot 10% i vyshe
inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	2 dnya	ot 70% i vyshe
inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	do 5 dney	ot 30% i vyshe
active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	do 5 dney	ot 10% i vyshe
inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	ot 50% i vyshe
active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	Lyuboy	ot 70% i vyshe
inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	do 3 dney	ot 30% i vyshe
active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	2 dnya	ot 50% i vyshe
active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	do 5 dney	ot 70% i vyshe
active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	Lyubaya
active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	2 dnya	ot 30% i vyshe
inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	ot 10% i vyshe
inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	do 3 dney	ot 50% i vyshe
inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	2 dnya	Lyubaya
inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	ot 70% i vyshe
inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	ot 30% i vyshe
active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	Lyuboy	ot 50% i vyshe
active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	1 den0	ot 50% i vyshe
active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	do 5 dney	ot 50% i vyshe
active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	ot 30% i vyshe
inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	1 den0	ot 10% i vyshe
active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	do 3 dney	ot 70% i vyshe
active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	Lyuboy	ot 30% i vyshe
active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	ot 50% i vyshe
inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	1 den0	ot 30% i vyshe
inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	2 dnya	ot 10% i vyshe
inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	1 den0	Lyubaya
active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	1 den0	ot 70% i vyshe
active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	ot 10% i vyshe
inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	ot 70% i vyshe
inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	active	inactive	inactive	inactive	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	active	inactive	active	active	inactive	active	inactive	active	Lyubaya